README.md, before:

The Accelerator is a tool for fast and reproducible processing of large amounts of data.
Extensive documentation is available here:

[Reference Manual](https://berkeman.github.io/pdf/acc_manual.pdf)  
[Home Page](https://exax.org/)  
[PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/accelerator/)  

`pip install accelerator`  
After installation try "`ax --help`".


Supported Environments
----------------------

The Accelerator project has been built, tested, and runs on:
 - Ubuntu 16.04, 18.04, 20.04
 - Debian 9, 10
 - FreeBSD 11.3, 12.1

but is not limited to these systems or versions.

Windows is not supported, but WSL should work.


License
=======

Copyright 2017-2018 eBay Inc.  
Modifications copyright (c) 2018-2021 Carl Drougge  
Modifications copyright (c) 2019-2021 Anders Berkeman  

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

[README] Whole repo is dev.

README.md, after:

Development repository!
=======================

This is a dev repo, I will force push over it.

You probably want [the main repo](https://github.com/eBay/accelerator).

The Accelerator is a tool for fast and reproducible processing of large amounts of data.
Extensive documentation is available here:

[Reference Manual](https://berkeman.github.io/pdf/acc_manual.pdf)  
[Home Page](https://exax.org/)  
[PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/accelerator/)  


License
=======

Copyright 2017-2018 eBay Inc.  
Modifications copyright (c) 2018-2021 Carl Drougge  
Modifications copyright (c) 2019-2021 Anders Berkeman  

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
